README.md, before:

## Hi there 👋

I am a research software engineer with a background in astrophysics, machine learning, and Bayesian inference.

- 🌐 [alexlyttle.github.io](https://alexlyttle.github.io)
- ✉️ [a.j.lyttle＠outlook.com](mailto:a.j.lyttle@outlook.com)
- 🐻 Research Software Engineer @ [BEAR](https://www.birmingham.ac.uk/research/arc/bear) (2024 - Now)
- 🔭 Postdoctoral Research Fellow @ [Sun, Stars, & Exoplanets](https://www.birmingham.ac.uk/research/activity/physics/astronomy/solar-and-stellar) (2023 - 2024)
- 🎓 PhD @ [University of Birmingham](https://www.birmingham.ac.uk/) (2023)
- 💬 Ask me about
  - AI and machine learning methods
  - Bayesian statistical methods
  - Stellar physics and asteroseismology

<!--
- 👨‍💻 Languages
  - Python
  - HTML/CSS
  - MATLAB
- 🛠️ Tools
  - JAX
  - TensorFlow
  - Nextflow
  - Django
  - CUDA
-->

[![Top Langs](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=alexlyttle&hide=jupyter%20notebook,purebasic&layout=compact&size_weight=0.5&count_weight=0.5)](https://github.com/anuraghazra/github-readme-stats)

Commit message:

Update README.md with footnotes on language stats

README.md, after:

## Hi there 👋

I am a research software engineer with a background in astrophysics, machine learning, and Bayesian inference.

- 🌐 [alexlyttle.github.io](https://alexlyttle.github.io)
- ✉️ [a.j.lyttle＠outlook.com](mailto:a.j.lyttle@outlook.com)
- 🐻 Research Software Engineer @ [BEAR](https://www.birmingham.ac.uk/research/arc/bear) (2024 - Now)
- 🔭 Postdoctoral Research Fellow @ [Sun, Stars, & Exoplanets](https://www.birmingham.ac.uk/research/activity/physics/astronomy/solar-and-stellar) (2023 - 2024)
- 🎓 PhD @ [University of Birmingham](https://www.birmingham.ac.uk/) (2023)
- 💬 Ask me about
  - AI and machine learning methods
  - Bayesian statistical methods
  - Stellar physics and asteroseismology

<!--
- 👨‍💻 Languages
  - Python
  - HTML/CSS
  - MATLAB
- 🛠️ Tools
  - JAX
  - TensorFlow
  - Nextflow
  - Django
  - CUDA
-->

[![Top Langs](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=alexlyttle&hide=tex,jupyter%20notebook,purebasic&layout=compact&size_weight=0.5&count_weight=0.5)](https://github.com/anuraghazra/github-readme-stats)[^1][^2]

[^1]: Excluding TeX, Jupyter Notebook, and PureBasic
[^2]: Calulated by the [language stats algorithm](https://github.com/anuraghazra/github-readme-stats?tab=readme-ov-file#language-stats-algorithm) with equal weight to bytes and repo count
